---
title: |
  []{#_a1epeuvkfen .anchor}Tab 1

  []{#_5d0m4iul4ee .anchor}iDEAN AI Plan
---

Anupom:

What are the problems / challenges we want to solve? What are the pain
points:

- Entrepreneurs / Marketers are not always great in strategy making,
  > planning. They lack knowledge and structure approach.

- Strategy, planning takes a lot of brainwork and time which they don't
  > have

- It may also need lots of money to hire employees or get agency to do
  > these

- Our product will help them solve all of the above. It will help then
  > with making strategy as well as plans that they need daily / weekly
  > / monthly. iDEAN AI will be their go to place for any business
  > related plan. They will use it daily.

<!-- -->

- I am thinking of launching a freemium version of IDEAN AI, and might
  > have different tiers for payment.

- It has several possibilities:

  - For my high value program participants only: Those who participated
    > in iMarketing, GrowthX, iMBA.

    - Pros: They have gone through some of my frameworks already, so
      > they will be able to use the tool only after they have enrolled.

      - We will also need to think if everyone has the same or
        > restricted access. Like for iMarketing students, they got
        > access to imarketing features only. GrowthX gets access to
        > GrowthX only. So we will have different features or tab:
        > iMarekting, GrowthX, iMBA (or change the names) and they will
        > get access to respective ones based on their course and
        > payment.

    - Cons: Limits the product to few hundreds of people than a wide
      > range, limits visibility

  - For everyone

    - Pros: More visibility, business opportunity promoting the product

    - Cons: They haven't enrolled in my trainings, so they won't
      > understand the terminology and potential leaking of our
      > proprietary framework

  - We will need to consider cost

<!-- -->

- 

See aspirational ones (we are not wanting to go to this level at the
moment, but later we might if we see scope and potential)

- [[https://www.jasper.ai/solutions/by-role/content-marketers]{.underline}](https://www.jasper.ai/solutions/by-role/content-marketers)

- [[https://www.mystorybrand.com/brandscript/cHVibGljOk9UZ3pPVEkxTmk4MVpUUTNaRGczWWpNd00yTTVNakEz]{.underline}](https://www.mystorybrand.com/brandscript/cHVibGljOk9UZ3pPVEkxTmk4MVpUUTNaRGczWWpNd00yTTVNakEz)

- Top strategists / marketers created website / tool so that others can
  > create framework using their proprietary framework. E,g, branscript
  > by Donald Miller, FunnelScript by clickfunnel or russel brunson.
  > They are selling this as tool on top of their course, training.

- On the other hand their are tools like Jasper that helps marketers.

- But basically I think no other ai like this yet exists.

<!-- -->

- Product Benefits, Features and Capability:

  - Blueprint

    - Create Customized Framework for your brand using iDEAN AI

      - I teach 6 topic / framework in iMarketing, 7 in GrowthX, 13 in
        > iMBA

      - E.g. Customer value journey, Content Marketing, Storytelling,
        > Story brand, copywriting, Blue Ocean Strategy etc

      - I provide blueprint (a google doc) after each session that
        > covers the key points. Everyone needs to design this blueprint
        > to answer questions and use step by step guideline to design
        > their own plan.

      - So here basically they need to answer questions on their own, AI
        > can't know what they want.

      - We need to think what to provide them

    - Analyse the blueprint that you created using iDean AI

    - Guided instructions to create the blueprint with examples,
      > suggestions

  - Marketing / Campaign / etc plan

    - Use iDEAN AI to create specific campaign plan, godfather offer, ad
      > copy, content plan, content calendar, ad angles, marketing
      > funnel elements, design customer value journey steps, branding,
      > facebook ad plan, social media plan etc etc.

    - Say we teach copywriting, like how to create headline, body, etc
      > etc in my trainings. idean AI will be trained on these, so when
      > someone wants to create a plan it will give plan according to
      > our framework / idea / content / structure / terminology (and
      > have the ability to go beyond). But primarily use what we taught
      > so the user can be benefited.

  - Audit and evaluation - Business Growth Assessment (MCQ questions
    > with marking and result)

  - Idean AI will have several things:

    - Buttons to use frameworks with guided path

    - Guided path - what to use, why etc and step by step

    - Conversational - tell the need, ask the questions, and it will
      > answer based on our material primarily

- Model training:

  - My training slides

  - Video / Video script

  - Blueprint

  - Relevant books, materials

- Branding - iDEAN AI name and logo, subtitle: Your Growth Co-Pilot, Use
  > powered by or created by or product of AI Buddy (or else what's
  > appropriate)

<!-- -->

- Pricing:

  - Freemium: One week use with limited token

  - Pricing will be module based

    - We need to give relevant access: For example

      - those who have done imarketing can purchase iMarketing module

      - those who have done Growthx can purchase growthx module

      - those who have done imba can purchase imba module

    - Pricing: Each module 500 tk per month

      - iMarketing monthly 500 tk, GrowthX 500 tk, iMBA 500 tk

  - Alternative Paid (monthly or daily limited token):

    - Basic

      - 2000 tk / Month subscription?

      - Need to purchase 3 months / 6 months / 1 year subscription

      - 3 months - 5000 tk

      - 6 months - 8000 tk

      - 12 Months - 12000 tk

    - Plus

      - 2000 tk / Month subscription?

      - Need to purchase 3 months / 6 months / 1 year subscription

      - 3 months - 5000 tk

      - 6 months - 8000 tk

      - 12 Months - 12000 tk

---\--

## Suggestion from ChatGPT

Thanks for providing this detailed plan for iDEAN AI. This is a great
starting point with a clear vision and a solid understanding of the
problem you want to solve. It's smart to be thinking about how to
integrate your proprietary frameworks with a powerful AI tool.

​​Got it. Let's fine-tune your **iDEAN AI -- Your Growth Co-Pilot** plan
with a more polished structure, drawing inspiration from Jasper,
FunnelScripts, StoryBrand, Notion AI, and other category-defining tools.
I'll break it into **Strategic Direction, Product Features, Training
Integration, Tech/UX, and Pricing & Monetization**.

# **🔧 Fine-Tuned Plan for iDEAN AI** {#fine-tuned-plan-for-idean-ai}

## **1. Problem / Challenge (Sharper Framing)** {#problem-challenge-sharper-framing}

- Entrepreneurs and marketers lack a **structured, proven strategy
  > engine** → they rely on guesswork, random agency advice, or
  > "copy-paste" tactics.

- **Time poverty**: planning consumes too much energy; execution lags.

- **High costs**: agencies/consultants charge premium fees for what
  > could be standardized.

- **Daily gap**: they need fresh copy, campaign angles, funnel ideas
  > every week --- but don't know how to systematize.

👉 iDEAN AI = A daily, AI-powered strategy + execution co-pilot, not
just a one-time planning tool.

## **2. Product Positioning** {#product-positioning}

- **Category**: Intelligent Business Strategy AI (distinct from copy AI
  > like Jasper or chatbots like Claude).

- **Tagline**: *"Your Growth Co-Pilot"* (retained).

- **Identity**: A hybrid of **consulting frameworks + AI execution
  > engine.  
  > **

- **Differentiator**: Unlike Jasper/Copy AI (execution-focused) or
  > StoryBrand/FunnelScripts (framework-locked), iDEAN AI merges:

  - **Frameworks (Strategy DNA)** → Proprietary blueprints from
    > iMarketing, GrowthX, iMBA.

  - **Execution (Action DNA)** → Daily/weekly content, campaigns, and
    > copy.

## **3. Product Features & Capability (Expanded)** {#product-features-capability-expanded}

### **A. Blueprint Builder** {#a.-blueprint-builder}

- Interactive "wizard" style:

  - Step 1: Select framework (Customer Value Journey, Blue Ocean,
    > Funnel, etc.)

  - Step 2: Guided Q&A (AI prompts user, user answers in simple
    > language).

  - Step 3: AI generates a **customized blueprint** (editable doc +
    > visual map).

- Export → PDF, Google Doc, Notion, Canva slide template.

### **B. Blueprint Analyzer** {#b.-blueprint-analyzer}

- Upload or paste your completed blueprint → AI reviews, scores, and
  > suggests gaps.

- Generates a "**Strategic Health Score**" (0--100).

- Compares your blueprint against best-in-class benchmarks (from IDEAN
  > training).

### **C. Campaign & Content Engine** {#c.-campaign-content-engine}

- Generate **ready-to-use outputs**:

  - Marketing funnel flow

  - Campaign launch sequence

  - Godfather offer variations

  - Copywriting (headlines, body, CTA) in your brand tone

  - Content calendar (weekly/monthly)

  - Ad angles + targeting ideas

- Cross-channel: social, email, ads, landing page.

### **D. Growth Audit** {#d.-growth-audit}

- Business Growth Assessment (MCQ + AI analysis).

- Produces a **Personalized Growth Playbook** based on results.

### **E. Guided Paths** {#e.-guided-paths}

- Each framework → **Guided Path Mode** (like a mini-course inside AI):

  - Explains what it is

  - Walks you through it step-by-step

  - Shows **examples** from real brands

  - Ends with your own plan auto-generated.

### **F. Conversational Co-Pilot** {#f.-conversational-co-pilot}

- Chat-style input:  
  > *"I want to launch a new product for moms --- create a Facebook
  > funnel with ad copy + email sequence."  
  > * → iDEAN AI generates everything using GrowthX funnel logic.

## **4. Training Integration** {#training-integration}

- **Tiered Access by Program** (smart lock-in strategy):

  - iMarketing → Access to Customer Value Lever™, Nuclear Content™,
    > NeuroCopywriting™.

  - GrowthX → Growth Heist™, Niche Fortune™, Funnel frameworks.

  - iMBA → High-level modules like Category Design, Luxury Strategy.

- **Universal Layer**: Keep some "general" modules open for public
  > (content planning, funnel basics, campaign outline) → attract wider
  > adoption.

- **Future Expansion**: Offer standalone "mini-packs" (e.g., "AI Copy
  > Pack," "AI Funnel Pack") for non-students.

## **5. Tech / UX Suggestions** {#tech-ux-suggestions}

- **Dashboard Design**:

  - Tabs: \[Blueprints\] \[Campaigns\] \[Audit\] \[Guided Paths\]
    > \[Library\].

  - Quick Actions → "Generate Funnel," "Write Ad," "Audit Growth."

- **Collaboration Mode**: Share a blueprint with team, add comments,
  > version history.

- **Integrations (Phase 2)**:

  - Google Docs / Notion → save blueprints directly.

  - Canva → export ad copy into templates.

  - Meta Ads Manager → push campaign drafts.

## **6. Branding & Naming** {#branding-naming}

- Keep **iDEAN AI** central brand.

- Inside tabs → signature names (familiar + proprietary):

  - "Blueprint Lab™"

  - "Growth Audit™"

  - "Campaign Co-Pilot™"

  - "Guided Paths™"

## **7. Pricing & Monetization (Refined)** {#pricing-monetization-refined}

### **Entry Strategy**

- **Freemium (7 days or 500 tokens)** → get them hooked.

- **Free forever lite plan** (limited to one framework + basic campaign
  > generation) → expands reach.

### **Paid Tiers**

1.  **Basic** (Creators / Freelancers)

    - Access: Limited frameworks, basic campaign gen.

    - Tk 1,500--2,000 / month (discount for annual).

2.  **Pro** (Entrepreneurs / SME Owners)

    - Access: All iMarketing + GrowthX frameworks, campaign engine,
      > audits.

    - Tk 5,000 / 3 months → Tk 15,000 / year.

3.  **Elite** (iMBA + Consulting Clients)

    - Access: Full library (iMBA), advanced strategy (Category Design,
      > Luxury Strategy), premium templates.

    - Tk 30,000--50,000 / year (positioned as premium consulting tool).

### **Upsells**

- Add-ons: "AI Pack" for ads, content, funnels.

- Consulting upsell: Auto-suggest *"Work with IDEAN Consulting on
  > execution"*.

## **8. Roadmap** {#roadmap}

- **Phase 1 (MVP)**: Blueprint Builder + Campaign Engine +
  > Conversational AI.

- **Phase 2**: Blueprint Analyzer + Growth Audit + Guided Paths.

- **Phase 3**: Integrations + Team Collaboration.

- **Phase 4**: Marketplace (buy/sell campaigns, templates from other
  > users).

✅ **Biggest Opportunity**: Position iDEAN AI as the **"Jasper of
Business Strategy"** --- a daily, strategy-execution co-pilot rooted in
your frameworks. Start with your program alumni (easy adoption,
loyalty), then expand to public with lite features.

Do you want me to **draft a feature--pricing matrix (side-by-side
table)** so you can show it in proposal/pitch deck form? That way the
tiers and features look clearer at a glance.

---\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

## Suggestion from Gemini    {#suggestion-from-gemini}

Thanks for providing this detailed plan for iDEAN AI. This is a great
starting point with a clear vision and a solid understanding of the
problem you want to solve. It's smart to be thinking about how to
integrate your proprietary frameworks with a powerful AI tool.

I\'ve reviewed your plan and conducted some research on the latest
trends and competitor strategies in this space. Based on that, I\'ve
fine-tuned your plan with some suggestions and updates for each section.

### **Fine-Tuned Plan for iDEAN AI** {#fine-tuned-plan-for-idean-ai-1}

#### **Problem/Challenge & Pain Points: The core problem you\'ve identified is spot-on and resonates with a huge market.** {#problemchallenge-pain-points-the-core-problem-youve-identified-is-spot-on-and-resonates-with-a-huge-market.}

- **Update:** Broaden the problem statement slightly to emphasize that
  > this is not just about a lack of knowledge, but also about the need
  > for **\"accelerated, data-informed decision-making.\"** Traditional
  > planning is slow and often based on intuition. iDEAN AI\'s value is
  > in providing a structured, data-informed process that saves time and
  > money, moving from idea to action much faster.

#### **Target Audience: Your two options (exclusive vs. public) are the right way to think about this.** {#target-audience-your-two-options-exclusive-vs.-public-are-the-right-way-to-think-about-this.}

- **Update:** Your freemium model can serve as the bridge between these
  > two audiences.

  - **Phase 1 (Initial Launch):** Launch to your high-value program
    > participants first. This is a brilliant strategy. It provides a
    > built-in user base for testing, gathering feedback, and generating
    > testimonials. This also reinforces the value of your courses.

  - **Phase 2 (Public Launch):** Open the freemium version to everyone.
    > This is where your proprietary frameworks become a key
    > differentiator. The freemium tier should provide enough value to
    > be useful and addictive, but not enough to replace the full paid
    > training.

- **Addressing the \"Cons\" for Public Launch:** To avoid \"leaking\"
  > your proprietary framework, the public version of the tool should be
  > structured as an interactive application rather than a downloadable
  > document.

  - **The AI will not simply \"give away\" the blueprints.** Instead, it
    > will act as a *guide* to help the user build their own plan *using
    > the principles of your frameworks*. The full, in-depth
    > explanations and deeper knowledge still remain exclusive to your
    > paid programs. This creates a powerful synergy between your
    > product and your courses. Think of the tool as a hands-on lab for
    > your students, and a powerful demo for potential new students.

#### **Product Features and Capability: You have a great list of features. Let\'s structure them for a better user experience and to align with current AI capabilities.** {#product-features-and-capability-you-have-a-great-list-of-features.-lets-structure-them-for-a-better-user-experience-and-to-align-with-current-ai-capabilities.}

- **Blueprint Feature Updates:**

  - Rename the \"Blueprint\" feature to something more dynamic, like
    > **\"Strategy Builder\"** or **\"Growth Frameworks.\"**

  - Integrate a **\"Conversational Onboarding\"** component. When a user
    > starts a new plan, the AI should ask questions conversationally,
    > one at a time, to guide them through the process. For example,
    > \"First, let\'s define your core customer. Tell me a bit about
    > them.\" This is much more user-friendly than a form.

  - After the user provides input, the AI generates a section of the
    > blueprint. The user can then \"Analyze\" this section, and the AI
    > will provide feedback based on your frameworks, such as \"Based on
    > the principles of the Customer Value Journey, you\'ve clearly
    > identified the \'Awareness\' stage. Consider adding more detail on
    > how you will \'Engage\' them with content.\"

  - Add a **\"Knowledge Hub\"** that provides short, on-demand video
    > tutorials (perhaps 1-2 minutes) for each section of the blueprint,
    > directly from your courses. This reinforces the value of your
    > training and is a strong upsell opportunity.

- **Specific Plan Updates:**

  - This is a strong feature. Instead of just creating plans, allow the
    > AI to generate multiple **\"options\"** for each plan. For
    > example, a user asks for an ad copy. The AI provides three
    > different versions: one focused on storytelling, one on a direct
    > call-to-action, and one using a conversational tone, all based on
    > the principles you\'ve taught. This adds incredible value.

  - Introduce a **\"Campaign Manager\"** feature that allows users to
    > not only generate a plan but also track its progress. They could
    > mark steps as \"complete\" and the AI could provide a summary of
    > what\'s left to do.

- **Audit and Evaluation Updates:**

  - Expand the \"Business Growth Assessment\" into a more interactive
    > feature. Instead of just an MCQ, have the AI ask a series of
    > questions and then generate a **\"Growth Report\"** that analyzes
    > their business\'s strengths and weaknesses based on your
    > frameworks. The report can provide a visual scorecard and a
    > personalized action plan.

  - You can also integrate **\"Competitor Analysis\"** (similar to tools
    > like Semrush or Kompyte, but at a more strategic, high-level
    > approach based on public data). The user provides a competitor\'s
    > website or social handle, and iDEAN AI provides a simple,
    > high-level analysis of their strategy based on your frameworks.

#### **Branding and Model Training:**

- Your branding is strong. \"iDEAN AI - Your Growth Co-Pilot\" perfectly
  > communicates the value.

- Your model training plan is excellent. Using your slides, videos, and
  > blueprints is the key to creating a truly unique and differentiated
  > product. This is your \"secret sauce.\"

#### **Pricing: Your tiered pricing model is a great approach. Let\'s refine it with some modern SaaS best practices.** {#pricing-your-tiered-pricing-model-is-a-great-approach.-lets-refine-it-with-some-modern-saas-best-practices.}

- **Freemium Model:** Your plan for a limited one-week, limited-token
  > trial is solid. This is a common and effective strategy.

- **Paid Tiers:** Instead of \"Basic\" and \"Plus,\" consider more
  > descriptive names that align with the user\'s growth journey, such
  > as **\"Starter\"** and **\"Growth.\"**

- **Introduce a Usage-Based Component:** To address the cost of AI model
  > usage and create a clear upgrade path, tie your tiers to a usage
  > metric. This could be based on \"credits\" or \"tokens.\" This is a
  > common practice for AI-powered SaaS platforms like Jasper.

  - **Starter Plan (Monthly subscription):** Includes a set number of
    > monthly credits for a fixed price (e.g., 2000 Tk/month). This plan
    > is great for individuals and small businesses just starting out.

  - **Growth Plan (Monthly subscription):** A higher monthly price
    > (e.g., 4000 Tk/month) that includes more credits and unlocks
    > advanced features like the \"Competitor Analysis\" and \"Growth
    > Report\" tool. This is for users who are seeing results and need
    > more powerful tools.

  - **Annual Discounts:** Continue to offer discounts for purchasing 3,
    > 6, or 12-month subscriptions. This is a great way to improve
    > customer retention and cash flow.

- **Remove the Daily Token Limit:** Daily limits can be frustrating for
  > users. A monthly credit system is more flexible and allows users to
  > budget their usage based on their project needs.

This fine-tuned plan maintains the core vision of iDEAN AI while
incorporating a more robust, modern, and user-centric approach that
aligns with successful AI tools on the market. It also cleverly solves
your challenge of protecting proprietary frameworks while still reaching
a wider audience.

Meetings

Discussion:

1.  Onboarding Chatbot

2.  Product Idea

    a.  The framework implementation is a nice to have in the customer's
        > mindset

    b.  People will be paying for the content creation and sales
        > conversion

        i.  Ideas

        ii. Organic content

        iii. Paid content

        iv. Funnel-specific Content

        v.  Analytics

3.  Financial

    a.  How to charge fees?

        i.  

    b.  Cost calculation

4.  

Product Journey:

1.  Onboarding

    a.  Context

        i.  Business website

        ii. Additional info

    b.  AI Suggested

    c.  Mentor suggested

    d.  Upload your 30+ Ads Data

2.  Level 1

    a.  Strategic Contents

        i.  Standard

        ii. Pro

    b.  User verified

    c.  Mentor verified

3.  Level 2

    a.  Content Creation

        i.  Ad

            1.  Content Idea

            2.  Hook

            3.  Copy

            4.  CTA

            5.  Caption

            6.  Script

        ii. Organic

        iii. User will chat

4.  Level 3

    a.  Analytics - Semi-Manual

5.  Level 4

    a.  Performance review - Coming Soon

Tactics:

1.  Existing students

    a.  

Decision:

1.  Single module

    a.  Standard

    b.  Pro

2.  UI/UX Venture Kit style

3.  Requirements from Anupom Bhai

    a.  Framework descriptions from 2 modules

    b.  Set of prompts for specific content creation

    c.  Any videos to show on platform

4.  Button - Wiki - redirect to Anupom Bhai's site

5.  User limit define - Aurnab

    a.  Estimation of cost

    b.  Limit per user - how to enforce?

        i.  Credit-based?

        ii. Daily limit?

        iii. Pay as you go

6.  Pricing

7.  RBAC

    a.  Owner - All Access

    b.  Single Client - User-End

    c.  Team Account

        i.  Same access

        ii. Will share knowledge base

8.  Enterprise Solution mentioned

9.  

Product Brief (Not PRD)

# **Idean AI --- Brief for CTO, Product Owner, and Marketing** {#idean-ai-brief-for-cto-product-owner-and-marketing}

## **0) What Idean AI is** {#what-idean-ai-is}

A desktop-first web app for Bengali-speaking founders and SMB owners
that **onboards their business context** (light KB + ads history) and
then **co-creates Meta (Facebook) ads and organic posts** via a guided
chatbot. It launches with two modules: **Standard** and **Pro**.

## **1) Modules & Access** {#modules-access}

### **1.1 Plans** {#plans}

| **Plan**     | **For**                | **Key Capabilities**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
|--------------|------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Standard** | Solo creator / owner   | Chatbot onboarding; upload up to **4 PDFs (≤30 pages each)**; 500-word business overview; create **Facebook ads + organic** using part-by-part flow (idea → hook → body → CTA → caption → optional script); manual analytics CSV upload; English/Bangla UI.                           |
| **Pro**      | Small teams / agencies | Everything in Standard **+** team workspace with **shared knowledge base**; ads history import (≥30 items) with performance fields; saved templates; agency-support "book a call"; basic cohort performance snapshots (coming soon Level 4); role controls; increased storage limits. |

### **1.2 Roles (RBAC)** {#roles-rbac}

| **Role**                           | **Scope**        | **Examples of Permissions**                                                         |
|------------------------------------|------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Owner**                          | Global           | Billing, plan, org settings, see customer count, export usage, invite/revoke users. |
| **Admin (CTO/PM)**                 | Workspace        | Manage roles, templates, integrations, guardrails, data retention.                  |
| **Contributor (Marketer/Founder)** | Project          | Upload KB/ads CSV, generate/edit content, approve drafts, view analytics.           |
| **Viewer**                         | Read-only        | Read docs, reviews, reports.                                                        |
| **Agency Partner (optional)**      | Access by invite | Read client KB; generate drafts; cannot export PII by default.                      |

> Guidance: keep permissions **unambiguous, minimal**, and exposed in UI
> as "what you *can do here*", reducing cognitive overload during setup.

## **2) End-to-End User Journey** {#end-to-end-user-journey}

### **Level 1 --- Onboarding (Chatbot)** {#level-1-onboarding-chatbot}

1.  Ask: **User name**, **business name**, **website (optional)**.

2.  **KB Upload**: up to **4 PDFs, 30 pages max each** (reject larger).
    > "Add extra info" text box.

3.  System compiles a **\~500-word business overview**; asks:

    - "Is this accurate?" (Yes/No + inline edit)

    - "Has a mentor approved this?" (Yes/No/Skip)

4.  **Optional Ads History Upload (≥30 rows)** via CSV/XLSX with
    > columns:

    - ad_name, description, caption, hook, cta, reach, comments, shares,
      > budget, creator_rating(1-5), repeat_intent(yes/no/maybe)  
      > (Use sample template + validator.)

### **Level 2 --- Readiness Gate** {#level-2-readiness-gate}

A simple **tick-box checklist** in a new tab:

- "I uploaded my knowledge base (or I don't have one)."

- "Website linked (or not available)."

- "Mentor/self approval complete."  
  > When all checked, **Create Content** is enabled.

### **Level 2 --- Content Creation (Chatbot)** {#level-2-content-creation-chatbot}

- Choose **Ad** or **Organic**, then **Format**: *video* or *static*.

- Choose **flow**: "**All at once**" or "**Part-by-part
  > (recommended)**".

- Guided sequence: **Idea → Hook → Body → CTA → Caption → (optional
  > Script for video)**.

- Output: **Meta (Facebook)** only for MVP; the UI states "LinkedIn &
  > YouTube coming later."

- Save as **Draft**; user can regenerate any section.

### **Level 3 --- Performance Data (Optional)** {#level-3-performance-data-optional}

- Upload latest **platform analytics** (CSV/XLSX) for content created
  > via Idean AI.

- (Pro) "**Get human help**": Book a paid agency session; agency helps
  > export site analytics and upload into Idean AI.

### **Level 4 --- Performance Review (Coming Soon)** {#level-4-performance-review-coming-soon}

- Cohort snapshots, lift vs baseline, creative insights, and "next
  > iteration" prompts.

> Design notes: keep flow **uncomfortably specific** (every step, field,
> and decision clear). Offer defaults, reduce choices, and insert
> "implementation intentions" (plan-making) nudges at publish time to
> increase follow-through.

## **3) Product Scope (MVP)** {#product-scope-mvp}

### **3.1 In-Scope** {#in-scope}

- Desktop web app (responsive OK); English/Bangla switch.

- Custom onboarding chatbot.

- File intake: 4 PDFs ≤30 pages; CSV/XLSX for ads & analytics (schema
  > above).

- 500-word overview generation with inline confirmation.

- Facebook-only content generator with **sectioned authoring**.

- Storage, versioning, and draft management.

- RBAC per Roles above.

- Audit log (who uploaded/edited/gener­ated).

- Privacy: PII minimization; opt-in consent; data export & delete.

### **3.2 Out-of-Scope (MVP)** {#out-of-scope-mvp}

- Auto-posting to ad accounts.

- Real-time API pulls from Meta.

- Cross-platform (LinkedIn/YouTube) generation (roadmap).

- Advanced analytics and MMM (roadmap Level 4).

## **4) System Design Notes (for CTO)** {#system-design-notes-for-cto}

**Agent pattern**: Start single-agent with tools (file intake, CSV
validator, copy generator, templater). Add guardrails (relevance/safety,
output schema), and human-in-loop on publish. Only split into
multi-agent (e.g., "KB Ingestion Agent", "Ads Copy Agent", "Analytics
Summarizer") when prompts/tools become overlapping.

**Guardrails** (minimum):

- Input: file limits, MIME whitelist, profanity/safety, prompt-injection
  > filter.

- Output: JSON schema validation for content sections; banned claims
  > list.

- High-risk actions (sending emails, publishing) require **explicit user
  > confirm**.  
  > Add human handoff on uncertainty/high-risk actions.

**Data model (sketch)**:

- orgs(id, plan, locale); users(id, role, org_id)

- kb_docs(id, org_id, type\[pdf/text\], tokens, source_url)

- ads_history(id, org_id, fields\...)

- drafts(id, org_id, type\[ad/organic\], sections_json, status)

- analytics(id, org_id, platform, metrics_json, period)

- audit(id, org_id, actor_id, action, target_type, target_id, ts)

**Non-functional**:

- P95 generation ≤ 10s for a complete ad (after idea is locked).

- File processing job queue; retries, poison queue.

- Encryption at rest; signed URLs for downloads; 30-day retention
  > defaults.

## **5) Marketing & Onboarding Notes (for PMM/CS)** {#marketing-onboarding-notes-for-pmmcs}

- **Value moments to message**:

  1.  "5-minute onboarding → clear 500-word overview"

  2.  "Part-by-part ad builder" reduces blank-page anxiety

  3.  "Upload historical ads → Idean learns your style"

- **Localization**: interface, examples, and tone reflect Bangladeshi
  > SMB context.

- **Mentor approval** step formalizes accountability and reduces later
  > rework (simple nudge with deadline works well).

## **6) EPICs & Starter User Stories** {#epics-starter-user-stories}

### **EPIC A --- Onboarding & Knowledge Intake** {#epic-a-onboarding-knowledge-intake}

- **As a founder**, I can upload up to **4 PDFs (≤30 pages each)** so
  > the system learns my business. *Acceptance:* files validated,
  > tokenized, searchable; overview generated.

- **As a founder**, I get a **500-word business overview** and can
  > confirm/edit it before moving on.

- **As a marketer**, I can upload **ads history (≥30 rows)** using the
  > provided CSV template; invalid rows are flagged with line numbers.

### **EPIC B --- Content Creation (Facebook-only MVP)** {#epic-b-content-creation-facebook-only-mvp}

- **As a user**, I choose **Ad vs Organic**, **video vs static**, and
  > **All-at-once vs Part-by-part**.

- **As a user**, I create **Idea → Hook → Body → CTA → Caption →
  > (Script)** and save a draft; I can regenerate any section.

### **EPIC C --- Analytics & Learning** {#epic-c-analytics-learning}

- **As a user**, I upload platform analytics for content made with Idean
  > AI; the system attaches metrics to drafts and dates.

- **As a buyer**, I can request **paid agency help** and auto-book a
  > call from within the app.

### **EPIC D --- Accounts, Roles, and Team Workspace** {#epic-d-accounts-roles-and-team-workspace}

- **As an Owner**, I invite users, assign roles, and see total
  > customers/usage.

- **As a team**, we **share the knowledge base**; any new upload is
  > visible to all teammates (audit-logged).

## **7) Success Metrics (MVP)** {#success-metrics-mvp}

- **Onboarding completion rate** ≥ 75%.

- **Overview approval** (first pass) ≥ 60%.

- **Time-to-first-draft** ≤ 10 minutes.

- **Draft acceptance (no edits on ≥2 sections)** ≥ 50%.

- **Monthly active creators (Bangla locale)** growth ≥ 20% MoM.

(Use lightweight experiment loops and "map the flow" analytics to
pinpoint drop-offs; test small nudges before big changes.)

## **8) Interfaces & Files** {#interfaces-files}

- **Inputs**: PDFs (≤30p), CSV/XLSX schemas (ads history & analytics).

- **Outputs**: Draft JSON (sectioned), downloadable DOCX/CSV exports;
  > audit CSV.

- **Integrations (later)**: Meta Ads API (read), Google Analytics 4
  > export (read), calendaring for agency booking.

## **9) Risks & Mitigations** {#risks-mitigations}

- **Low-quality inputs** → Add upload tips + "what good looks like"
  > examples.

- **Cognitive overload** → Default paths, minimal choices, progressive
  > disclosure.

- **Guardrail gaps** → Start with conservative policies; add tripwires
  > from real incidents.

## **10) Open Questions** {#open-questions}

1.  Exact Bengali tone presets for ads (formal vs colloquial)?

2.  Storage quotas per plan?

3.  Data retention policy for uploaded analytics?

DocDirector Suggested

Title: Idean AI Product Vision and Problem Statement  
Date: 2025-09-03  
Document Number: 1 in sequence

1.  Current Pipeline Snapshot

Today Idean AI turns raw data into actionable insights through a simple
end-to-end system  
Data Ingestion

- Accepts flat files, API feeds, log exports

- Normalizes formats, tags key fields

- Scans for duplicate and corrupt records  
  > Core Processing Engine

- Filters inputs using threshold-based logic

- Runs single-thread batch computation

- Stores intermediate and final states  
  > Value Output

- Ranks outputs by relevance and score

- Delivers results as dashboard and exports

- Sends alerts to subscribed users  
  > Generates 5 insights per run, with 42 percent adoption in trials

1.  Pain-Point Analysis

| **Pain Point**           | **Root Cause**             | **User Impact**                     | **Severity (1-5)** |
|--------------------------|----------------------------|-------------------------------------|--------------------|
| Single-Engine Bottleneck | One core handles all tasks | Lags on big data jobs               | 5                  |
| Limited & Static Sources | Few connect options        | Misses critical fresh signals       | 4                  |
| Rigid Threshold Rules    | Hard-coded parameters      | High false positive or missed event | 3                  |

Slow processing from a single-engine stall urgent analytics most, since
delay cuts user trust and platform value

1.  Future Vision -- Predictive, Multi-Source Insight Discovery

Headline promise:  
Anyone can get smarter answers in minutes not hours

Day-in-the-life vignette:  
Sandy opens her dashboard after a busy weekend She sees new market
trends combining yesterday's sales patterns and a breaking news signal
She clicks once to adjust rules The system quickly updates her view and
suggests actions that boost her results Sandy feels in control and
always ahead

Three Vision Pillars  
Modular Processing Engine

- New setup dispatches different jobs to specialized parts This fixes
  > the processing bottleneck

- Parallel flows mean users spend zero time waiting on reports  
  > Real-Time Multi-Source Data Graph

- Connects historic logs and live feeds at once Expands beyond static
  > inputs

- Real signals update insights automatically so users never miss what
  > matters  
  > Self-Optimizing Decision Rules

- Learns from user feedback tuning logic for accuracy Old threshold
  > pains fade

- Fewer false alerts as system adapts, growing user confidence over time

North-Star Metric  
Insight adoption above 70 percent within next three releases

Strategic bets

- Secure access to premium external data feed

- Launch developer toolkit for custom component integration

Like a river carving fresh channels our vision shapes new creative
currents each day

1.  Call to Action for the Product Manager

- Map gaps in current data connectors

- Prioritize modular engine architecture in roadmap

- Recruit early testers for decision rule upgrades

- Begin talks to secure external data partners

Title: Market and User Insights Brief for Idean AI  
Date: 2025-09-03  
Document Number: 2 in sequence

1.  Market Landscape Snapshot

The data insight platform market grows fast as firms demand smarter
analytics.  
• Real-time analytics outpaces old batch reporting.  
• Users want data from more varied sources daily.  
• Customizable solutions win as static tools fall short.

Estimated total spend reaches 11 billion dollars in 2025.  
Annual growth rate is 13 percent (source: \[user input needed\]).

Competitors overlook customizable, multi-source insight delivery despite
rising demand.

1.  Core User Personas

| **Persona**      | **Primary Job to Be Done** | **Motivations**       | **Frustrations**           | **Influence Level (1-5)** |
|------------------|----------------------------|-----------------------|----------------------------|---------------------------|
| Data Analyst     | Surface trends fast        | Save time             | Slow, rigid workflows      | 4                         |
| Business Manager | Make smart decisions       | See clear actions     | Overwhelming noisy outputs | 5                         |
| Developer        | Integrate data easily      | Flexible custom build | Poor API or access options | 3                         |

These segments all seek speed and flexibility, both missing from
alternatives.

1.  Pain-Need Matrix

This matrix maps user pains to hoped-for gains to target best
opportunities.

|                        | **Quick Answers**                 | **Custom Views**                        | **Multi-source Analysis**          | **Action Suggestions**                    |
|------------------------|-----------------------------------|-----------------------------------------|------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| Slow Processing        | High                              | Medium                                  | Medium                             | Low                                       |
|                        | \"Urgent jobs lag, trust erodes\" |                                         |                                    |                                           |
| Rigid Workflows        | Medium                            | High                                    | Medium                             | High                                      |
|                        |                                   | \"Can't fit to various business cases\" |                                    | \"Miss actionable steps, lose value\"     |
| Limited Source Support | Medium                            | Medium                                  | High                               | Medium                                    |
|                        |                                   |                                         | \"Miss fresh, cross-data signals\" |                                           |
| False Alerts           | Low                               | Medium                                  | Medium                             | High                                      |
|                        |                                   |                                         |                                    | \"User confidence falls with bad alerts\" |

1.  Insight Synthesis

Theme 1: Speed Above All  
• Users need near instant answers for urgent tasks  
• Faster delivery builds trust and drives higher adoption

Theme 2: Flexible Customization  
• Personas all struggle with rigid, one-size systems  
• Modular tools fit more workflows and keep users in control

Theme 3: Always-on, Multi-Source Intelligence  
• Gaps in input options stall real insight, especially for managers  
• Connecting many live data feeds unlocks smarter, proactive alerts

These insights sprout like new grass after spring rain---simple, vital,
lasting.

1.  Opportunity Hypotheses

We believe processing speed under five minutes will boost insight
adoption above fifty percent.  
Confidence: High Potential Impact: High  
Validation: Usage analytics show sub-five-minute task completions
rising.

We believe self-tuning alert rules will cut false positives by one
third.  
Confidence: Medium Potential Impact: High  
Validation: User feedback shows fewer ignored or flagged alerts.

We believe simple plug-and-play connectors will triple new data
integrations per client.  
Confidence: Medium Potential Impact: Medium  
Validation: Connector creation logs increase per account.

We believe dashboard suggestions based on behaviors drive more action
clicks.  
Confidence: Low Potential Impact: Medium  
Validation: Action suggestion click rates above fifteen percent.

1.  Key Questions for Validation

How long do typical insight runs take users now  
What data source types do top clients request most  
How often do users change or tune their rules  
Why do users ignore current alerts or suggestions  
Which features drive repeat logins each week

1.  Call to Action for the Product Manager

Map average run times by user segment  
Survey clients on missing data connectors  
Pilot modular rules engine with early adopters  
Track alert click and ignore rates weekly

**Title: Idean AI Epics and User Stories Blueprint**

Date: 2025-09-03  
Document Number: 3 in sequence

**1. Inputs Recap**

This document converts core research inputs into epics and build-ready
stories for Idean AI.  
Feature Idea: Enable multi-source, real-time data insights for instant
decision support.  
Customer Quotes:

- \"I lose time waiting for slow reports.\"

- \"Missing other data sources stalls my team.\"  
  > Market Need: Firms seek near-instant multi-channel analytics; market
  > to hit 11 billion dollars in 2025.

**2. Epic Definition Framework**

- Start each epic with a verb that delivers a clear outcome.

- Tie the epic directly to a discovery input from customer, feature, or
  > market.

- Keep epic titles under ten words; descriptions under thirty words.

**3. Epic Table**

| **Epic ID** | **Title**             | **Linked Insight**               | **Business Value**          | **Risk Level** | **Target Release** |
|-------------|-----------------------|----------------------------------|-----------------------------|----------------|--------------------|
| E1          | Boost Data Processing | \"Slow reports drain user time\" | Faster user decisions       | 5              | Release 1.0        |
| E2          | Expand Source Options | \"Lack of feeds stalls teams\"   | More signals, rich insights | 4              | Release 2.0        |
| E3          | Automate Rule Tuning  | Feature: instant optimization    | Fewer false alerts          | 3              | Release 3.0        |

Highest-value epic: Boost Data Processing (E1)

**4. User-Story Framework**

Classic syntax: As a \[persona\], I want \[goal\] so that \[benefit\].  
Each epic gets two mapped stories, each within 20 words; checklists ≤ 10
words; tag Priority and Effort (T-shirt size).

**5. User-Story Table**

| **Epic ID** | **Story**                                                        | **Acceptance Criteria**                                 | **Priority** | **Effort** |
|-------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|--------------|------------|
| E1          | As Manager, I want instant reports so that I act faster.         | -Run under five mins -Reliable output -No errors        | High         | M          |
| E1          | As Analyst, I want batch jobs split so I see updates sooner.     | -Jobs parallel -Insights refresh quick -No delay        | High         | L          |
| E2          | As Analyst, I want plug-in connectors so I link fresh sources.   | -Add data feed -Connect in one click -No code needed    | Med          | S          |
| E2          | As Developer, I want an open API so I build new data links.      | -API docs -Link any source -Live test cases             | Med          | M          |
| E3          | As Manager, I want system-tuned alerts so I trust notifications. | -Learn from usage -Reduce false alerts -Adjust rules    | High         | S          |
| E3          | As Analyst, I want feedback buttons so I refine alert settings.  | -Simple feedback -Alert rules update -User logs tracked | Low          | XS         |

Riskiest story to prototype first: Batch jobs split for faster updates
(E1 Analyst story)

**6. Dependency & Assumption Log**

Dependencies:

- Real-time data pipeline setup

- Multi-connector interface design

- Rule engine feedback module

- User analytics dashboard ready

Assumptions:

- Users adopt faster reporting

- Data source APIs are stable

- Feedback improves alert accuracy

**7. Definition of Ready Checklist**

- Story mapped to epic

- Acceptance criteria clear

- Test cases drafted

- Data sources confirmed

- No major blockers listed

**8. Call to Action for the Product Manager**

- Map work to highest-value epic

- Review story acceptance tests

- Confirm tech dependencies

- Schedule risk prototype session

This Epics and Stories Template is meant for ongoing team refinement.  
Update it after each new set of interviews and market checks for best
results.

Title: Idean AI Product Requirements Document for Desktop-First Bengali
SMB Ad Builder  
Date: 2025-09-03  
Document Number: 4 in sequence

**1. Document Overview**

Purpose: This PRD sets clear requirements for the desktop-focused
Bengali ad builder aimed at small businesses, so the team delivers a
useful, usable product.  
Scope: The release covers ad creation, data-driven suggestions, and
multi-source input for Bengali desktop SMBs; mobile and non-Bengali use
are not included.  
Target Audience: Product, Design, Engineering, Marketing, Legal.  
Version & Date: V1.0, 2025-09-03.

**2. Background & Context**

Many small businesses in Bengali markets struggle to create effective
digital ads because current tools are slow, rigid, and not tailored for
their needs. Pain is highest when urgent campaigns lag or important
signals fail to show up due to limited data sources and static rules.  
The goal is a desktop app where users quickly build ads, receive live
data-based suggestions, and connect various inputs with easy editing.
This seamless flow helps business owners stay ahead without becoming
technical experts.  
For Idean AI, succeeding here unlocks a large, underserved segment where
rivals overlook the demand for speed, Bengali support, and plug-and-play
use. The market for platforms like this is set to reach 11 billion
dollars in 2025 (\[user input needed\]).

**3. Objectives & Success Metrics**

- Achieve 70 percent adoption of insight suggestions by active users
  > within three release cycles

- Cut ad creation time for SMBs to under ten minutes per campaign

- Triple new data connectors used per client per quarter  
  > North-Star Metric: Weekly Active Ad Creators  
  > Leading indicators:

- Percentage of users setting up multi-source feeds

- Number of completed ad drafts in under ten minutes

**4. Target Users & Personas**

- Arif, SMB Owner: Wants fast ad creation, hates slow tools, high
  > influence

- Rina, Digital Marketer: Needs custom campaign views, dislikes rigid
  > workflows, high influence  
  > These personas are the launch focus because they drive most
  > campaigns and pain points in the Bengali SMB ecosystem.

**5. Solution Overview**

Idean AI delivers a desktop-first builder for Bengali SMBs to quickly
assemble ads, receive data-led suggestions, and connect multiple
sources. The product supports write, preview, and auto-optimize in
Bengali, surfacing actionable insights at each step.  
Diagram (text): User uploads data or links a feed, system normalizes
input, ranks ideas, user previews, edits, and exports/adapts suggested
campaigns.  
Every stage is mapped to pain from slow reports or missing custom
inputs.

**6. Detailed Requirements**

6.1 Functional Requirements Table

| **Req ID** | **Description**                                    | **Priority** | **Acceptance Test**                    |
|------------|----------------------------------------------------|--------------|----------------------------------------|
| FR1        | Allow users to upload data sources in one click    | High         | Data connects in under 30 seconds      |
| FR2        | Generate Bengali ad copy suggestions automatically | High         | Suggested copy appears in 10 seconds   |
| FR3        | Support drag-and-drop ad element assembly          | Med          | Users arrange elements without errors  |
| FR4        | Enable real-time preview of ads before publishing  | High         | Preview refreshes instantly after edit |
| FR5        | Provide user feedback on suggestion quality        | Med          | Feedback buttons record user response  |
| FR6        | Export ads to popular platforms (csv, html)        | Med          | Export completed in under 15 seconds   |

6.2 Non‑Functional Requirements

- Average response time under 300 milliseconds

- Comply with standard user data security for SMB SaaS

- Meet minimum web accessibility guidelines

- Handle scaling to 10,000 desktop clients without slowdowns

6.3 User Flows & Wireframe Notes

Primary flow: User logs in, uploads or links a data source, chooses
template, system suggests copy in Bengali, user refines and rearranges
using drag-and-drop, real-time preview displayed, campaign exported or
saved.  
Critical UI: Data upload bar, Template picker, Suggestions side panel,
Drag-and-drop workspace, Preview window, Export buttons.  
Wireframes referenced: Placeholder desktop layout with labeled regions
for each step.

**7. Edge Cases & Error States**

- Corrupt data files: Display error, prompt for re-upload

- Unsupported file types: Block upload, show accepted formats

- Suggestion engine timeout: Show fallback tips, log error

- Network loss during export: Allow retry and local save option

**8. Dependencies, Assumptions & Risks**

Dependencies:

- Third-party ad export API integration

- Live Bengali NLP suggestion service

- Stable desktop installer framework

Assumptions:

- Users have desktop internet access

- Bengali SMBs want digital campaigns

- Data feeds remain stable

Risks:

- Data integration failures; Mitigate: Fallback manual entry

- Low user feedback use; Mitigate: Nudge surveys

- Third-party API downtime; Mitigate: Cache latest exports

**9. Milestones & Release Plan**

Alpha prototype: October 15, 2025  
Beta testing: November 1--20, 2025  
Public launch: December 10, 2025  
Gating criteria: Core ad build and suggest features live, error rates
under 2 percent, first user feedback forms in place

**10. Analytics & Telemetry**

Capture events:

- Data source linked per user

- Suggestion accepted per session

- Ad exported per account

- Time spent on campaign build page  
  > Each event maps to adoption, engagement, or completion goals.

**11. Open Questions**

- Which external ad platforms are most requested for export

- What is the typical desktop configuration for target SMBs

- What language localization gaps remain in UI

- How should user onboarding be paced

- Is offline use required at launch

**12. Stakeholder Approval**

Product: \[User input needed\]  
Design: \[User input needed\]  
Engineering: \[User input needed\]  
Legal: \[User input needed\]  
Marketing: \[User input needed\]

**13. Glossary (optional)**

NLP: Natural Language Processing for copy suggestions  
SMB: Small--medium business

**14. Appendices (optional)**

Links: User research summary, market sizing notes, initial desktop
wireframes

This PRD is a living record. Teams revisit it at each development stage
so requirements get richer and stronger like roots deepening after
seasonal rain. Always keep it as your reference and update as new
insights sprout.

Title: System Architecture and Orchestration Blueprint for Idean AI Web
Application  
Date: 2025-09-03  
Document Number: 5 in sequence

1.  Architectural Guiding Principles

- API First Modularity: Every core function exposed as an API endpoint

- Security by Design: All data flows are encrypted and access is
  > minimized

- Scale for Speed: Auto expand when demand spikes as users want fast
  > answers

- Cost Efficient Growth: Add resources only when workloads grow

- Zero Downtime Updates: Releases must not block live client sessions

Tie to insight: "Scale for Speed" reflects the top user demand for
instant analytics and frequent updates per previous findings

1.  High Level System Diagram

User actions start at the Client Layer across web and potential API
channels These go to the Edge Layer which includes gateway and rate
controls then route to the Application Layer hosting processing services
Most application services are stateless and talk to the Data Layer where
operational databases and batch analytics reside The Integration Layer
connects out to third party APIs and partner data sources User requests
flow from interface down to data and back results in near real time

1.  Component Specification Table

| **Component**       | **Purpose**                      | **Key Interfaces**     | **Scaling Strategy**   | **Owner**       |
|---------------------|----------------------------------|------------------------|------------------------|-----------------|
| Client UI           | User interaction and views       | Browser API, REST      | CDN cache, async load  | Frontend Lead   |
| API Gateway         | Entry point, rate limit, routing | REST, Auth token       | Horizontal pool        | DevOps Lead     |
| Orchestrator        | Task and rule flows between jobs | Batch, webhook, events | Dynamic queue/worker   | Backend Lead    |
| Processing Engine   | Compute insights, apply logic    | API, message bus       | Worker pool, shards    | Data Lead       |
| Data Store          | Persist user and ad data         | SQL, NoSQL endpoint    | Replica sets, sharding | DBA             |
| Integration Adapter | Connect external feeds/exports   | REST API, file stream  | Pool per API type      | Integration Dev |

Most critical MVP component: Processing Engine; it enables instant batch
jobs and adoption

1.  Orchestration Strategy

All workloads run in isolated containers for service independence
Orchestrator schedules jobs and spins workers as load grows Serverless
functions support event based tasks such as feedback button clicks
Deployment happens in two environments: staging for QA with fake data
and production for live use Release moves from staging only after pass
rates meet criteria Blue green release keeps old and new versions side
by side so only healthy new traffic moves Monitoring system checks
resource use and system health; when traffic jumps CPU use triggers new
worker spin up auto scaling without admin need

1.  Data Management and Flow

Main journey: User uploads data or connects a feed via Client Layer Data
passes to API Gateway and Orchestrator then Processing Engine runs logic
and stores results in Data Store Processed insight sent back to client
and saved to analytics warehouse Consistency: Data write and read
actions always confirm success User feedback stored instantly; batch
reporting jobs are idempotent Backups happen nightly with seven day
retention Personal data is handled per GDPR standards with prompt user
deletes

1.  Scalability and Resilience Patterns

Auto scaling worker pool: When job queue rises above threshold, new
compute workers launch. Keeps urgent analytics fast for business users  
Circuit breaker: If a dependent API fails, fallback kicks in; prevents
platform lockup, so user does not lose trust  
Event queue buffering: Input from users placed in queue before heavy
jobs; smooths traffic peaks and always keeps dashboards available  
Each pattern addresses user frustration with job delays or workflow
stalls

1.  Security and Compliance

- User login with MFA required for all admin sessions

- Data encrypted in transit and at rest

- Nightly vulnerability scans on all dependencies

- Least privilege for all personnel and service accounts

- Documented response plan for any security event  
  > Encryption at rest supports the PRD non functional need for user
  > data security in SMB SaaS

1.  Observability and Operations

- Three pillars: events are tracked by metrics, full error logs, and
  > traces for every main workflow

- Alert if active ad creators drop below goal, or batch job errors above
  > two percent

- On call rotation: Engineers monitor into early evenings; emergencies
  > escalate in fifteen minutes

1.  Technology Choices and Trade Offs

SQL vs NoSQL: Choose SQL for operational storage for transaction safety
but accept slower schema changes Satisfies clear CRUD requirements  
Polyrepo vs Monorepo: Polyrepo for team independence per module but
makes cross code changes slower Supports API First Modularity
principle  
Managed queue vs self hosted: Managed message queue for faster scaling
but higher running cost Aligns with Cost Efficient Growth

1.  Migration and Future Evolution

Start with one regional deployment for MVP Move to multi region for less
latency and more redundancy when active user count doubles Run multi
tenant only after connector adoption triples Hypothesis: Sub ten minute
insight delivery lifts weekly adoption

1.  Open Questions and Risks

- Final API specs for external feeds missing

- Integration test coverage still incomplete

- Unclear if all cloud endpoints meet GDPR

- Peak batch job load constraints not validated

- UI accessibility pass rate not yet tracked

1.  Call to Action for Engineering Lead

- Finalize API interface between Orchestrator and Engine

- Review security baseline against user data requirements

- Launch pilot with real user data imports

- Schedule failover and auto scaling drill

Title: Idean AI Data Sources and Integration Plan for MVP Analytics  
Date: 2025-09-03  
Document Number: 6 in sequence

1.  Guiding Data Principles

- Single Source of Truth

- Privacy by Default

- Clean Data at Ingest

- Real-Time Over Batch

Users want instant, trustworthy results as delays and stale signals hurt
platform trust. Speed and quality drive all rules.

1.  Source Inventory Table

| **Source ID** | **System/Name**     | **Data Owner** | **Freshness Needed** | **Priority** |
|---------------|---------------------|----------------|----------------------|--------------|
| S1            | Transaction Ledger  | Ops Lead       | Hourly               | High         |
| S2            | User Action Logs    | Frontend Dev   | Near Real-Time       | High         |
| S3            | CRM Lead Table      | Sales Ops      | Daily                | Medium       |
| S4            | Ad Performance CSVs | Marketing      | Daily                | Medium       |
| S5            | External News Feed  | Data Partner   | Instant              | Low          |

Transaction Ledger is the highest-value MVP source as it anchors
reporting needs and user insight.

1.  Data Contracts & Schemas

Define fields with clear column names and simple types: integers,
floats, short text. Set which fields must appear (required) and which
may not (optional). All field names use lowercase with underscores.
Contracts are versioned by date. If the schema changes, downstream teams
get auto alerts and must review flows before accepting changes.

1.  Integration Architecture

Extraction pulls data from each source by API, webhook, or scheduled
file. Transformation cleans up bad records, fills missing values, tags
data, and anonymizes personal details. Load Layer lands data first in a
central operational store, then forwards it to the analytics warehouse.
Batch jobs run hourly for most tables; action logs may stream for faster
dashboards. When errors hit, retries kick in. Stuck jobs move data to a
holding queue for manual check. For hosting, see Architecture spec: all
steps live in orchestrated, scalable services.

1.  Data Quality & Governance

Track these: completeness (all fields filled), accuracy (match known
valid values), and timeliness (arrive before cutoff). Rule engine runs
SQL checks or calls a simple external validation tool to block bad
records. Data Stewards own each source and must check alerts and fix
errors inside one business day per SLA.

1.  Security & Compliance Alignment

GDPR and local data privacy laws both apply as users are in the EU and
Bengali markets. Data encrypts at rest and on the move using strong
industry standards. Role-based access controls mean each user only sees
needed data in their role.

1.  Observability & Lineage

Each data hop logs this: where it came from, when, and a quick
fingerprint of the transform. Key alerts track if daily data
completeness drops or if any loss covers more than one percent of
records tied to active user metric. Visual overviews live in a basic
timeline dashboard or email digests; logs are plain text and JSON.

1.  Integration Roadmap & Milestones

Phase One: Get Transaction Ledger feed auto-loaded for MVP, confirm no
missing records.  
Phase Two: Turn on daily quality checks for all incoming files, alert on
any break.  
Phase Three: Wire up real-time user event logs for feature adoption
dashboard.  
Success means 100 percent completeness of core source, 100 percent daily
rule check coverage, and live event reporting in under ten seconds.

1.  Open Questions & Risks

- Third-party API rate limits

- Source field mismatch

- Nightly batch delays

- Integration test gaps

- Unknown local privacy edge cases

1.  Call to Action for Data Lead

- Confirm stewards per source

- Run first end-to-end load

- Review daily error alerts

This plan ensures every data pipeline supports analytics with trusted,
usable, and protected information from day one.

**Title: Idean AI Feature Prioritization and Product Roadmap Template
(MoSCoW Framework)  
** Date: 2025-09-03  
Document Number: 7 in sequence

**1. Inputs Recap**

The goal for this planning horizon is to deliver instant, multi-source
insights that drive faster actions for Bengali SMB ad creators.  
Top persona: SMB owner who needs quick, easy campaign builds and useful
data-based suggestions.  
Market urgency: Real-time, customizable analytics platforms now grow at
13 percent rate, with firms shifting away from old static solutions.

**2. MoSCoW Prioritisation Framework**

• Must‑Have: Non-negotiables mapped to core adoption or output metrics;
failure blocks launch.  
• Should‑Have: Valuable boosts to usability or coverage; launch still
viable if deferred.  
• Could‑Have: Enhancements or secondary delights; drop first if time or
budget runs tight.  
• Won't‑Have (Now): Intentionally paused, not in this release; review
when new data or feedback lands.  
Always revisit priorities after each sprint review and market update.

**3. Features Prioritisation Table**

| **Feature ID** | **Description**                      | **MoSCoW Category** | **Key Benefit**             | **Effort (S/M/L)** |
|----------------|--------------------------------------|---------------------|-----------------------------|--------------------|
| F1             | Instant batch data processing        | Must‑Have           | Enables fast insights       | M                  |
| F2             | One‑click data source upload         | Must‑Have           | Simple feed setup           | S                  |
| F3             | Bengali ad copy suggestions          | Must‑Have           | Localized campaign power    | M                  |
| F4             | Drag-and-drop ad element builder     | Should‑Have         | Quick campaign design       | M                  |
| F5             | Multiple source connectors           | Should‑Have         | More relevant signals       | L                  |
| F6             | Real-time preview for campaign edits | Must‑Have           | Confirms ad accuracy        | S                  |
| F7             | User feedback on suggestions         | Could‑Have          | Tuned relevance, confidence | S                  |
| F8             | Export to external platforms         | Should‑Have         | Spreads ad reach easily     | M                  |
| F9             | API for custom integrations          | Could‑Have          | Attracts developer use      | M                  |
| F10            | Automated alert tuning engine        | Could‑Have          | Reduces false notifications | S                  |

Most critical MVP feature: Instant batch data processing (F1).

**4. Capacity & Risk Alignment**

Total dev weeks this release: 24.  
Estimated effort for Must‑Have: 11 weeks; Should‑Have: 9 weeks.  
This fits current dev bandwidth but leaves little buffer.  
Delivery risk 1: Third‑party API quota limits.  
Mitigate: Add API fallback and cache latest exports.  
Delivery risk 2: Data integration mismatches.  
Mitigate: Tighten schema contracts and manual review on fail.

**5. Product Roadmap Timeline**

Now (0--3 months):  
Focus on MVP. Ship instant batch insights (F1), one‑click data uploads
(F2), Bengali ad copy (F3) and real‑time preview (F6).  
Rationale: User interviews show speed and accuracy drive trust and
repeat use most at early stage.

Next (3--6 months):  
Expand value. Add drag‑and‑drop builder (F4), more source connectors
(F5), export options (F8).  
Market reference: Surveyed SMBs cite quick setup and broad reach as next
pain points, so fast follow adds retention.

Later (6--12 months):  
Differentiate with delight. Drop in user feedback loop (F7), custom API
integrations (F9), and alert tuning (F10).  
Timing: These help mature clients and response rates, proven by ongoing
user action logs.

**6. Release Milestones & Success Criteria**

Alpha  
• Run core ad builder and insights; error below 5 percent.  
• Exit: Features F1, F2, F3, F6 live and stable.

Beta  
• All must‑have plus drag-and-drop and export; feedback forms work.  
• Exit: Features F1--F6, F8 delivered to test group.

GA (General Availability)  
• All core and should‑have; could‑have feature pilots start.  
• Exit: Features F1--F8; F7, F9, F10 available for extended pilot.

**7. Communications & Stakeholder Rhythm**

Weekly: Triage must/should/could progress.  
Fortnightly: Team demos of new features and workflow.  
Monthly: Steering meeting reviews roadmap, risks, metrics.  
Source of truth: Product Requirements Document, maintained in shared
team folder.

**8. Call to Action for Product Owner**

Prioritize risks in delivery plan.  
Align feature effort with dev sprint.  
Schedule cross-team roadmap sync.

**Title: Analytics & Evaluation Framework for Idean AI: Metrics,
Instrumentation, and Action Plan  
** Date: 2025-09-03  
Document Number: 8 in sequence

**1. Measurement Objectives Recap**

Our main goal is to boost fast, actionable insight adoption for Bengali
SMB ad creators on Idean AI.  
User outcomes to improve: shorten ad creation time, raise suggestion
acceptance.  
Market evidence: Real-time analytics are growing as static platforms
lose users.

**2. Metric Hierarchy Framework**

North-Star Metric (NSM): Weekly Active Ad Creators---shows long-term
user engagement.  
One Metric That Matters (OMTM): Ad Suggestion Adoption Rate---focuses
launch impact.  
Supporting Metrics: Ad creation time, data feed usage, exported ads,
feedback clicks, connector growth, error rates.  
Note: OMTM shifts each sprint per current delivery target.

**3. Metric Catalogue Table**

| **Metric ID** | **Name**                  | **Tier (NSM/OMTM/Support)** | **Owner**    | **Target**       |
|---------------|---------------------------|-----------------------------|--------------|------------------|
| M1            | Weekly Active Ad Creators | NSM                         | Product Lead | 250 per week     |
| M2            | Ad Suggestion Adoption    | OMTM                        | Eng Lead     | 70 percent       |
| M3            | Ad Creation Time          | Support                     | UX Analyst   | under 10 mins    |
| M4            | Multi-Source Feeds Used   | Support                     | Data Lead    | 3 per client     |
| M5            | Exported Ads Per Account  | Support                     | Ops Analyst  | 2 per week       |
| M6            | Feedback Clicks           | Support                     | Product Lead | 30 percent usage |
| M7            | New Connectors Launched   | Support                     | Growth Lead  | 3 per quarter    |
| M8            | Insight Error Rate        | Support                     | QA Lead      | below 2 percent  |

The make-or-break metric for MVP is Ad Suggestion Adoption Rate (M2).

**4. Instrumentation & Data Flow**

- M1, M2, M3 tracked with client SDK event logs tied to user sessions.

- M4, M7 use server logs and connector API audit trails.

- M5 uses batch ETL from export actions, M6 triggers event-based
  > feedback log.

- M8 comes from system QA error logs routed by orchestrator.

- System Architecture: All events flow from client or API through edge
  > gateway to data storage and analytics.

- Quality checks: confirm event uniqueness and completeness; run hourly
  > and daily for all main flows.

**5. Dashboards & Reporting Cadence**

- Dashboard shows NSM on main bar, OMTM and support metrics as
  > drill-downs below.

- NSM and OMTM update daily; support metrics update daily or weekly by
  > volume.

- Weekly snapshot review by Product, Engineering, and Growth teams.

- Monthly deep-dive to diagnose trends and set action focus.

**6. Experimentation & Learning Loop**

- Follow simple A/B test protocol: each experiment has a clear
  > hypothesis, 50-50 exposure, target minimum lift of 10 percent.

- Calculate sample size before launch based on observed variance and
  > expected impact.

- Three stages: design test (align with current sprint), run and monitor
  > (in parallel with new release), analyse and report (feed learning
  > into Next/Later roadmap goals).

- Hold post-experiment review within 48 hours to turn wins and fails
  > into backlog changes.

**7. Risk & Data Integrity**

- Main risks: tracking loss from client error, duplicate events
  > inflating counts, source schema drift breaking flows.

- Fixes: retry on fail, event deduplication in ETL, contract check and
  > auto alert on schema change.

- For retention and governance, see Data Plan: seven-day backups,
  > role-based access, GDPR-ready deletes.

**8. Actionability & Feedback Routes**

- Significant insight triggers a Slack alert, adds a Jira ticket,
  > prompts a roadmap sync.

- If any metric diverges from target by over 10 percent, team acts
  > within 24 hours.

**9. Call to Action for Analytics Lead**

- Finalize dashboard wiring by metric owner.

- Test daily event completeness monitoring.

- Review MVP metric trends with product group.

This document aligns all teams to measure what matters, spot signals
early, and close the loop between building and learning. Adjust
instruments and cadence each cycle so all data drives growth, not just
reporting.

**Title: Risk Management and Continuous Improvement Template for Idean
AI Business Model Canvas  
** Date: 2025-09-03  
Document Number: 9 in sequence

**1. Risk Philosophy and Appetite**

We keep user-impacting downtime near zero but accept prototype
instability for fast learning.  
Three principles guide us:  
• Contain failures early and local  
• Decide on real data, not guesses  
• Fix root causes not just symptoms

**2. Risk Register Framework**

Document Likelihood from rare (1) to frequent (5).  
Impact means user or revenue harm from minor (1) to severe (5).  
Exposure Score is Likelihood times Impact; the higher the score, the
higher the worry.  
Mitigation Stage shows if action is Planned, happening (In-Progress), or
done (Verified).  
Update scores every month or after any incident retro for fresh eyes.

**3. Risk Register Table**

| **Risk ID** | **Description**               | **Likelihood** | **Impact** | **Exposure** | **Owner** | **Mitigation Stage** |
|-------------|-------------------------------|----------------|------------|--------------|-----------|----------------------|
| R1          | Batch job queue overload      | 4              | 4          | 16           | Backend   | In-Progress          |
| R2          | API feed rate limit exceeded  | 3              | 3          | 9            | Data      | Planned              |
| R3          | Third-party API outage        | 3              | 5          | 15           | Integr.   | Planned              |
| R4          | Corrupt data upload           | 2              | 4          | 8            | Data      | In-Progress          |
| R5          | Slow insight delivery (MVP)   | 5              | 5          | 25           | Product   | In-Progress          |
| R6          | User feedback not acted on    | 2              | 2          | 4            | Product   | Planned              |
| R7          | GDPR compliance gap           | 2              | 4          | 8            | Legal     | In-Progress          |
| R8          | Security breach on data layer | 1              | 5          | 5            | Security  | Planned              |

Red-zone risk is R5 slow insight delivery which threatens trust and
adoption.

**4. Control Library and Mapping**

• Auto rollback if error rate over 5 percent (R1 R5).  
• Daily data integrity scan and alert (R4 R7).  
• Built-in API call rate limiter (R2 R3).  
• Two-factor admin login always (R8).  
• Dashboard with daily KPIs, error logs (R5 R6).  
Each control confirmed by log alert, regression test, or quarterly DR
drill.

**5. Incident Response and Learning Loop**

Playbook:

1.  Detect with live alerts or user reports

2.  Triage by severity, assign clear owner

3.  Resolve fast use DR drill or hot fix

4.  Retrospect within 48 hours  
    > All high severity issues trigger a 15-minute page to on-call.  
    > Retros retro must publish a five whys summary and create one
    > follow-up backlog ticket.  
    > Retro insights move direct to the Continuous Improvement step
    > below.

**6. Continuous Improvement Cycle**

Signal Ingestion grows from dashboards, support tickets, and user
calls.  
Every week, review the top three deltas in metric shifts and pain
points.  
Write a short fix or test spec for each; base every change on OMTM or
clear NSM variance.  
Add specs to the sprint backlog, measure impact tight to release.  
Roll out documentation updates and short training with each fix.  
See Analytics Plan: act on any gap between NSM and goal the moment it
shows.

**7. Improvement Backlog and KPI Table**

| **Item ID** | **Root Cause**     | **Proposed Fix**            | **Priority** | **Owner** |
|-------------|--------------------|-----------------------------|--------------|-----------|
| I1          | Job overload queue | Tune worker spin threshold  | High         | Backend   |
| I2          | API quota miss     | Add fallback cache layer    | Medium       | Data      |
| I3          | User feedback low  | Nudge for survey completion | Low          | Product   |
| I4          | Data schema drift  | Auto schema tester alert    | Medium       | Data      |
| I5          | GDPR unclear cases | Legal review checklist      | Medium       | Legal     |

Review and burn backlog at least once each quarter to prevent risk
pileup.

**8. Governance and Review Rhythm**

Hold monthly full risk reviews with Product and Engineering.  
Show improvement results to execs every quarter.  
Reset risk appetite yearly to match new market or user realities.  
Keep all risk docs in the central product folder as the single source of
truth.

**9. Call to Action for Risk Champion**

• Review open risks now  
• Schedule next retro meeting  
• Publish risk doc update today

Title: Idean AI Release Notes Template: Product Updates, User Impact,
and Action Guide  
Date: 2025-09-03  
Document Number: 10 in sequence

Version and Rollout  
Version: \[user input needed\]  
Release Date: \[user input needed\]  
Deployment Window: \[user input needed\] UTC  
Audience: End users, admins, developers

Executive Summary  
This release brings faster ad creation and more actionable insights for
Bengali SMBs. User interviews confirm instant data processing lifts
trust and adoption rates. Dive below to see new features, fixes, and how
you benefit.

What's New Table

| **Category** | **Item**                      | **Benefit**                      |
|--------------|-------------------------------|----------------------------------|
| Feature      | Instant batch data processing | Get campaign insights in minutes |
| Feature      | One-click data source upload  | Connect feeds with one click     |
| Feature      | Bengali ad copy suggestions   | Create relevant local campaigns  |
| Enhancement  | Real-time campaign preview    | Review edits instantly           |
| Feature      | Drag-and-drop ad builder      | Design ads easily                |

Headline feature: Instant batch data processing powers ad builds faster
than ever.

Improvements and Enhancements

- Ad campaign builds now finish under ten minutes for most users.

- Preview window refreshes instantly after each edit.

- Accessibility levels raised to meet new SMB standards.

- Multi-source connectors added; expect better engagement on Weekly
  > Active Ad Creators metric.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed issue causing slow uploads with some CSV files.

- Resolved error in Bengali copy suggestions panel (Ticket 214).

- Drag-and-drop layout glitches no longer block previews (Ticket 219).

- Ad export format now consistent across platforms (Ticket 210).

- Feedback buttons now always record response (Ticket 225).

Known Issues and Workarounds

- Third-party API feed quota may cause temporary data delay. Workaround:
  > retry export later.

- Rare corrupt file uploads prompt error. Fix expected in next patch.

- User feedback not always reflected in suggestions. Workaround: use
  > manual input for key alerts.

Deprecations and Breaking Changes

- Support for legacy single-source upload removed; switch to
  > multi-source.

- Old export format deprecated. Sunset date: 2025-10-15. Migrate ads to
  > new template.

- Schema field "ad_text_v1" removed; use "ad_text_current" instead.

Impact and Required Actions

- Users should refresh login tokens for secure access.

- Admins: Clear old cache and review new connector list before
  > enterprise rollout.

- Developers: Update any API calls using legacy export routes.

Rollout and Monitoring Plan

- Phased rollout: 25 percent first week, then expand after successful
  > metrics.

- Rollback if Ad Suggestion Adoption Rate falls below 70 percent.

- Track release metrics live at \[dashboard link user input needed\].

Feedback and Support Channels

- Share feedback via Slack, email, or ticket portal \[user input
  > needed\].

- Office hours held Fridays 1600--1700 UTC and regular Q&A webinar
  > scheduled for 2025-09-10.

Call to Action for Communications Lead

- Publish release summary to all channels.

- Notify support and rollout teams.

- Collect user feedback for next cycle.

Document Notes

- Reference PRD, architecture, risk, and analytics plans for more
  > technical detail.

- Update product docs with each new release.

- For help, contact support. Review FAQ for guidance on new features.

This template gives all teams and users a clear view of what has
changed, why it matters now, how to get started, and where to get help
or give input. Adjust with each new release to keep everyone informed
and engaged.

Tab 5

### **Strategy & Branding Lab** {#strategy-branding-lab}

This is your creative workspace for designing your business\'s core.
Inside, you\'ll find our foundational frameworks to build a solid
business strategy and craft a powerful brand message.

1.  **Niche Finder**

2.  **Core Strategy Builder**

3.  **Blue Ocean Navigator**

4.  **Category Designer**

5.  **Customer Value Journey Planner**

6.  **Customer Value Ladder Builder**

7.  **Strategic Brand Planner**

8.  **StoryBrand Builder**

### **Execution & Growth Cockpit** {#execution-growth-cockpit}

This is your command center for taking action. Here, you\'ll find the
tactical frameworks and AI assistants to execute your strategy, from
generating leads to automating your growth engines.

1.  **Marketing Funnel Builder**

2.  **Godfather Offer Builder**

3.  **Nuclear Content Planner**

4.  **Content Calendar**

5.  **Neuro Copywriting Assistant**

6.  **Magnetic Storytelling Assistant**

7.  **Campaign Planner**

8.  **Festival Campaign Planner**

9.  **Growth Hacking Idea Generator**

10. **OverDemand Planner**

**Misc:  
**Prompt Writer / Assistant  
Smart Business Growth Assessment**  
**Business Level Mapping  
Business Status Mapping  
OKRs  
Scaling Up

**Brand Info**

About Business  
Industry  
Product and Price  
Audience  
Style Guide  
Brand Voice  
Visual Guidelines  
  
**Knowledgebase**

[[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntyxDcWv6qk]{.underline}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntyxDcWv6qk)

![](media/image1.png){width="2.089856736657918in"
height="5.628777340332459in"}

Ideal Customer Group

Flow Charts

## User signup + Onboarding Journey {#user-signup-onboarding-journey}

[[@newmo-oss/mermaid-viewer]{.underline}](https://newmo-oss.github.io/mermaid-viewer/?sequence-number=0#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)

graph TB

subgraph \"1. MAIN USER JOURNEY\"

Start(\[START\]) \--\> Landing\[Landing Page\<br/\>Desktop-first web
app\]

Landing \--\> SignUp\[Sign Up / Login\]

SignUp \--\> Language\[\"Language Selection\<br/\>English / Bengali\"\]

Language \--\> Onboarding\[/\"ONBOARDING\<br/\>Collect Business
Context\"/\]

Onboarding \--\> BasicInfo\[Business Information\<br/\>Name, Website,
Industry\]

BasicInfo \--\> KBUpload\[\"Knowledge Base Upload\<br/\>Up to 4 PDFs ≤30
pages each\<br/\>+ Additional text\"\]

KBUpload \--\> AIOverview\[AI Business Overview\<br/\>500-word summary\]

AIOverview \--\> MentorCheck\[\"Mentor Approval?\<br/\>Yes / No /
Skip\"\]

MentorCheck \--\> AdsHistory\[\"Ads History Upload\<br/\>(Optional - CSV
with 30+ rows)\"\]

AdsHistory \--\> PlanSelect\[\"SELECT MODULE\"\]

PlanSelect \--\> Standard\[\"STANDARD\<br/\>Solo creator\"\]

PlanSelect \--\> Pro\[\"PRO\<br/\>Teams & Agencies\<br/\>+ Shared
Workspace\"\]

Standard \--\> ReadinessGate

Pro \--\> ReadinessGate

ReadinessGate\[\"Readiness Checklist\<br/\>✓ KB uploaded\<br/\>✓ Website
linked\<br/\>✓ Approval done\"\]

ReadinessGate \--\> Dashboard\[Main Dashboard\]

Dashboard \--\> AllTools\[\"Access All Tools\<br/\>(See Flowchart 2)\"\]

end

style Start fill:#667eea,color:#fff

style PlanSelect fill:#fc8181,color:#fff

style Dashboard fill:#48bb78,color:#fff

## Frameworks

[[@newmo-oss/mermaid-viewer]{.underline}](https://newmo-oss.github.io/mermaid-viewer/?sequence-number=0#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)

graph TB

Start(\[Select Tool\]) \--\> Category{Choose Category}

Category \--\> Strategy\[\"Strategy & Branding
Lab\<br/\>―――――――――――\<br/\>• Niche Finder\<br/\>• Core Strategy
Builder\<br/\>• Blue Ocean Navigator\<br/\>• Category Designer\<br/\>•
Customer Value Journey\<br/\>• Customer Value Ladder\<br/\>• Strategic
Brand Planner\<br/\>• StoryBrand Builder\"\]

Category \--\> Execution\[\"Execution & Growth
Cockpit\<br/\>―――――――――――\<br/\>• Marketing Funnel Builder\<br/\>•
Godfather Offer Builder\<br/\>• Nuclear Content Planner\<br/\>• Content
Calendar\<br/\>• Neuro Copywriting Assistant\<br/\>• Magnetic
Storytelling Assistant\<br/\>• Campaign Planner\<br/\>• Festival
Campaign Planner\<br/\>• Growth Hacking Generator\<br/\>• OverDemand
Planner\"\]

Category \--\> Content\[\"Copy Writing\<br/\>―――――――――――\<br/\>•
Facebook Ad Copy\<br/\>• Social Media Post\"\]

Strategy \--\> Process

Execution \--\> Process

Content \--\> Process

Process\[Universal Process\] \--\> LearnMore\[\"Learn
More\<br/\>(Optional video/guide)\"\]

LearnMore \--\> Questions\[\"Dynamic Input Form\<br/\>• Specific fields
per tool\<br/\>• Text inputs\<br/\>• Dropdowns\<br/\>• AI
suggestions\"\]

Questions \--\> FillForm\[\"User Provides Input\"\]

FillForm \--\> Generate\[\"GENERATE OUTPUT\<br/\>LLM processes with
template\"\]

Generate \--\> Output\[\"Generated Text Output\<br/\>• Strategy document
OR\<br/\>• Marketing copy OR\<br/\>• Ad content OR\<br/\>• Campaign
plan\"\]

Output \--\> Actions{Actions}

Actions \--\> Regenerate\[\"Regenerate\<br/\>• Whole document\<br/\>•
Specific sections\"\]

Actions \--\> Edit\[\"Edit\<br/\>• Inline editing\<br/\>• Manual
changes\"\]

Actions \--\> Save\[\"Save to Library\"\]

Actions \--\> Export\[\"Export\<br/\>• PDF\<br/\>• DOCX\<br/\>• Copy
text\"\]

Regenerate \--\> Output

Edit \--\> Output

style Start fill:#667eea,color:#fff

style Process fill:#4299e1,color:#fff

style Generate fill:#f59e0b,color:#fff

style Output fill:#38a169,color:#fff

## Complete Workflow of Pro Modules

[[@newmo-oss/mermaid-viewer]{.underline}](https://newmo-oss.github.io/mermaid-viewer/?sequence-number=0#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)

graph TB

subgraph \"PRO MODULE - SIMPLIFIED WORKFLOW\"

Start(\[PRO User Login\]) \--\> RoleCheck{User Role?}

%% Role-based permissions

RoleCheck \--\>\|Owner\| OwnerAccess\[\"OWNER
ACCESS\<br/\>―――――――――――\<br/\>• Everything below PLUS\<br/\>• Billing &
Plan management\<br/\>• Team usage reports\<br/\>• Manage shared
resources\"\]

RoleCheck \--\>\|Admin\| AdminAccess\[\"ADMIN
ACCESS\<br/\>―――――――――――\<br/\>• Everything below PLUS\<br/\>•
Invite/remove team members\<br/\>• Update shared knowledgebase\<br/\>•
Manage team settings\"\]

RoleCheck \--\>\|Member\| MemberAccess\[\"MEMBER
ACCESS\<br/\>―――――――――――\<br/\>• Access shared resources\<br/\>•
Generate private content\<br/\>• Manage own documents\"\]

%% Everyone goes to workspace

OwnerAccess \--\> TeamWorkspace

AdminAccess \--\> TeamWorkspace

MemberAccess \--\> TeamWorkspace

%% TEAM WORKSPACE - Two Sections

TeamWorkspace\[\"TEAM WORKSPACE\<br/\>════════════════════\"\]

%% SHARED RESOURCES (Team Benefit)

TeamWorkspace \--\> SharedSection\[\"🔓 SHARED
RESOURCES\<br/\>═══════════════════\<br/\>TEAM COLLABORATION AREA\"\]

SharedSection \--\> SharedKB\[\"COMPANY KNOWLEDGE
BASE\<br/\>―――――――――――\<br/\>• Company PDFs (up to 4)\<br/\>• Business
Overview (500 words)\<br/\>• Ads History CSV\<br/\>• Brand
Guidelines\<br/\>• Website/Industry Info\<br/\>\<br/\>✅ Visible to all
team members\<br/\>✅ Single source of truth\<br/\>✅ No duplicate
uploads needed\"\]

SharedSection \--\> TeamTemplates\[\"TEAM TEMPLATE
LIBRARY\<br/\>―――――――――――\<br/\>• Approved ad templates\<br/\>\<br/\>✅
Admin/Owner curated\<br/\>✅ Everyone can use\"\]

%% PRIVATE WORKSPACE

TeamWorkspace \--\> PrivateSection\[\"🔒 MY PRIVATE
WORKSPACE\<br/\>═══════════════════\<br/\>INDIVIDUAL CONTENT AREA\"\]

PrivateSection \--\> MyContent\[\"MY GENERATED
CONTENT\<br/\>―――――――――――\<br/\>• My Facebook Ads\<br/\>• My Organic
Posts\<br/\>• My Strategy Docs\<br/\>• My Framework
Outputs\<br/\>\<br/\>🔒 Only I can see\<br/\>🔒 Private by
default\<br/\>🔒 Full creative freedom\"\]

PrivateSection \--\> MyLibrary\[\"MY PERSONAL
LIBRARY\<br/\>―――――――――――\<br/\>• My saved documents\<br/\>• My custom
templates\<br/\>• My work history\<br/\>• My exports\"\]

%% Content Generation Flow

SharedKB \--\> Generate{Generate New Content}

TeamTemplates \--\> Generate

Generate \--\> SelectTool\[\"Select Any
Tool\<br/\>―――――――――――\<br/\>Uses shared company data\<br/\>+ My
inputs\"\]

SelectTool \--\> CreateContent\[\"Fill Inputs → Generate\"\]

CreateContent \--\> PrivateOutput\[\"NEW CONTENT CREATED\<br/\>🔒
Private to me\"\]

PrivateOutput \--\> MyContent

%% Actions on private content

PrivateOutput \--\> Actions{My Actions}

Actions \--\> Edit\[\"Edit/Regenerate\<br/\>(My content only)\"\]

Actions \--\> SavePersonal\[\"Save to My Library\"\]

Actions \--\> Export\[\"Export\<br/\>• PDF/DOCX\<br/\>• Share
externally\"\]

Actions \--\> ShareOption\[\"Optional: Share with Team\<br/\>(Future
feature)\"\]

Edit \--\> MyContent

SavePersonal \--\> MyLibrary

%% PRO Benefits Summary

TeamWorkspace \--\> ProBenefits\[\"PRO TEAM
BENEFITS\<br/\>════════════════════\<br/\>✅ No duplicate data
entry\<br/\>✅ Consistent brand voice\<br/\>✅ Shared
knowledgebase\<br/\>✅ Team templates\<br/\>✅ Team usage
analytics\<br/\>(without seeing content)\"\]

%% Agency Support

TeamWorkspace \--\> AgencyHelp\[\"AGENCY SUPPORT\<br/\>(PRO
Exclusive)\<br/\>―――――――――――\<br/\>• Book calls\<br/\>• Get team
help\<br/\>• Training sessions\"\]

end

%% Styling

style Start fill:#8b5cf6,color:#fff

style TeamWorkspace fill:#4c1d95,color:#fff

style SharedSection fill:#10b981,color:#fff

style PrivateSection fill:#ef4444,color:#fff

style SharedKB fill:#059669,color:#fff

style MyContent fill:#dc2626,color:#fff

style ProBenefits fill:#f59e0b,color:#fff

style AgencyHelp fill:#3b82f6,color:#fff

## Analytics Hub

[[@newmo-oss/mermaid-viewer]{.underline}](https://newmo-oss.github.io/mermaid-viewer/?sequence-number=0#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)

graph TB

subgraph \"4. ANALYTICS HUB\"

Start(\[Analytics\]) \--\> Upload\[\"Upload Performance
Data\<br/\>CSV/XLSX\"\]

Upload \--\> Module{Module Type?}

Module \--\>\|Standard\| BasicAnalytics\[\"Basic Analytics\<br/\>• View
metrics\<br/\>• Simple charts\"\]

Module \--\>\|Pro\| AdvancedAnalytics\[\"Advanced Analytics\<br/\>•
Trend analysis\<br/\>• Compare periods\<br/\>• Agency support\"\]

BasicAnalytics \--\> Export\[\"Export Reports\<br/\>PDF/DOCX\"\]

AdvancedAnalytics \--\> Export

AdvancedAnalytics \--\> ComingSoon\[\"COMING SOON\<br/\>• Cohort
analysis\<br/\>• Creative insights\<br/\>• AI recommendations\"\]

end

style Start fill:#ed8936,color:#fff

style ComingSoon fill:#cbd5e0,color:#333

Tab 8

## Updates on the design

standard and pro limited frameworks

private-public features (by default everything will be private)

![](media/image2.png){width="13.0625in" height="7.40625in"}

May have dependencies from previous documents

We can start with the content creation

Then we can move to other frameworks

Content Creation -change the name to Copy Writing:

We do not need email copy

We need ad history for social media post and facebook ad copy

User feedback after generation of each documents (thumbs up/down)

Social Media Post

Input - Prompt, Platform selection (FB/ Insta/ TikTok/Linkedin), Post
Creative Idea , Post (English/Bangla)

Ad/Social Media Post → Follow different styles → They should have the
ability to customize it based on their own styles

Facebook Ad Copy

- Image Idea/Ad creative idea

- Text on image

- Primary Text (Hook in the first line - description - CTA)

- Headline

- Description

Follow the UI of Venture Kit and Jasper

Tab 9

## Industry Niche

Industry / Niche:

Health

Travel Agent

Health & Wellness

Study Abroad

health & wellness

Welding

Edtech & Consultancy

Techmanity: Edtech

Travel Agency

Digital Marketing , Fashion & Electronics item

Digital Marketing

Edtech

Information Technology Product & Service

Compliance Business Consultancy

Organic Food and Cosmetics

Health

Computer Hardware

Fashion Industry

Fashion,Digital marketing

Health & Wellness(Herb Shop)

Digital Product, Gadgets

Edtech, Health & Wellness, Fashion, AI Marketing

Fashion

Bedding

Fashion /Health and Wellness /Organic Foods

ERP Software focused on Hotel Industry

Fashion-clothing brand

EdTech, Digital Marketing

Health

Searching for a niche.

Interior Design, Architecture

Food

Specially in poultry, dairy and aqua products(Nutrional)

Digital Marketing (Personal Branding)

Pharma sector promotional & packaging items

Travel\>Family visit\>Just Saudi Arabia & Oman

Real Estate

travel

Health & Wellness

Food Curt Brand

Ready Made Garments Industries

Fashion

Brand consultancy and Digital Marketing

Gadget&gear

Paper Board and Fabrics

SaaS based Service + Digital marketing and Branding

Electronics & Edtech

Agro

Health and Wellness, Real Estate

Pharmaceutical products

Industry / Niche:

Health & wellness

Tourism

Food and Beverage Industry

Health and Wellness

Leather Accessories

Furniture

Automobiles, cars showroom

Retail POS Software

Health

Custom Brokerage.

Electronics

Food and Beverage

Edtech seems interesting

কনস্ট্রাকশন

SME & Retailers

ট্রেনিং বিজনেস

Baby

Manufacturing

E Commerce

Shipping

Health & Wellness

Land share

Fashion

Consulting

Edtech

Agricultural Spare Parts

Capital Market/Fintech

Food, spices powder

Fashion

Health & Wellness

Building Materials

RESTAURANT

Land share with 3 type of customer

Accommodation

Logistics and Supply Chain Industry

Law service

Industry / Niche:

Quick Meal-Food & Beverage, BSCS- Supply Chain Solutions

Entertainment (Pet Service)

Health and wellness

Fashion

Baby Products and Night Lamp

Cloth

Health

Digital Marketing

Health and wellness

Personal Development, Technology

এনার্জি সলিউশন (LPG & Machinery Sales, Distribution)

## What type of Business

Product-based Business

Travel Agent

Product-based Business

Agency / Consulting

Service-based Business

Manufacturing

Service-based Business

Product-based Business

Service-based Business

Retail / E-commerce

Agency / Consulting

Product-based Business

Retail / E-commerce

Agency / Consulting

Manufacturing

Product-based Business

Product-based Business

Product-based Business

Manufacturing &E-commerce

Product-based Business

Product-based Business

Retail / E-commerce, Service-based Business, SaaS , Tech Startup,
Product-based Business

Product-based Business

Product-based Business

Retail / E-commerce

SaaS / Tech Startup

Retail / E-commerce

Service-based Business

Product-based Business

N/A

Service-based Business

Manufacturing

Product-based Business

Service-based Business

Manufacturing

Agency / Consulting

Product-based Business

Service-based Business

Service-based Business

Food Made & Selling

Sales & Marketing

Product-based Business

Agency / Consulting

Retail / E-commerce

Manufacturing

SaaS / Tech Startup

Product-based Business

Agro product & investment business

Product-based Business

Product-based Business

What type of business it is?

Product-based Business

Service-based Business

Product-based Business

Product-based Business

Product-based Business

Product-based Business

Service-based Business

Service-based Business

Service-based Business

Service-based Business

Product-based Business

Product-based Business

Not sure yet

Construction

SaaS / Tech Startup

Service-based Business

Product-based Business

Manufacturing

Retail / E-commerce

Service-based Business

Service-based Business

Real Estate

Product-based Business

Service-based Business

Service-based Business

Product-based Business

Service-based Business

Manufacturing

Apparel trading business

Retail / E-commerce

Product-based Business

Service-based Business

Product-based Business

Hospitality & Accommodation Service

Service-based Business

Service-based Business

Industry Niche (for consideration)

### **1. Health & Wellness (Herb Shops, Pharma, Organic Food, Cosmetics, Fitness, Baby Products)** {#health-wellness-herb-shops-pharma-organic-food-cosmetics-fitness-baby-products}

- **Why prioritize:** This is the *largest cluster* in your list. Health
  > & wellness entrepreneurs constantly need content for
  > **trust-building, education, and customer engagement**.

- **AI Agent Use Cases:  
  > **

  - Create **educational posts** (nutrition tips, workout routines,
    > product benefits).

  - Generate **compliance-friendly content** for pharma and wellness.

  - Strategize around **seasonal campaigns** (flu season, Ramadan
    > fasting, summer fitness, etc.).

### **2. Fashion & Lifestyle (Clothing Brands, Leather, Accessories, Bedding, Night Lamps)** {#fashion-lifestyle-clothing-brands-leather-accessories-bedding-night-lamps}

- **Why prioritize:** Fashion needs **consistent, visual, and
  > trend-based content**. Entrepreneurs in this space struggle with
  > **storytelling and differentiation**.

- **AI Agent Use Cases:  
  > **

  - Generate **social media calendars** with product drops, lookbooks,
    > styling ideas.

  - Support **trend analysis** for local/global fashion cycles.

  - Strategize influencer partnerships and micro-campaigns.

### **3. EdTech & Consultancy (Study Abroad, Training, Personal Development, Techmanity, Coaching)** {#edtech-consultancy-study-abroad-training-personal-development-techmanity-coaching}

- **Why prioritize:** EdTech founders and consultants live on
  > **content**---they need thought leadership, curriculum design, lead
  > magnets.

- **AI Agent Use Cases:  
  > **

  - Draft **lesson scripts, explainer posts, webinars**.

  - Support with **SEO-driven blogs** and student FAQs.

  - Strategize go-to-market for **courses, workshops, and training
    > programs**.

### **4. Digital Marketing & Creative Agencies (Personal Branding, Brand Consultancy, SaaS, Tech Marketing)** {#digital-marketing-creative-agencies-personal-branding-brand-consultancy-saas-tech-marketing}

- **Why prioritize:** Agencies are **repeat users**---if your AI agent
  > helps them, they'll scale it across multiple client accounts.

- **AI Agent Use Cases:  
  > **

  - Generate **ad copy, captions, and campaign frameworks**.

  - Automate **report summaries & competitor benchmarking**.

  - Strategize campaign allocation across channels.

### **5. Food & Beverage (Quick Meals, Poultry, Dairy, Spices, Restaurants, Food Brands)** {#food-beverage-quick-meals-poultry-dairy-spices-restaurants-food-brands}

- **Why prioritize:** F&B is **highly seasonal, visual, and
  > community-driven**.

- **AI Agent Use Cases:  
  > **

  - Auto-generate **menu promotions, recipe posts, festival specials**.

  - Strategize around **local holidays, seasonal spikes, consumer
    > loyalty**.

  - Content for **delivery platforms, packaging, and product
    > storytelling**.

✅ **Strategic Insight for the Coach:  
** If the coach focuses on these 5 verticals, their AI Agent solution
can **cover \~70% of the business ideas** in the list. Each category is:

- **Content-hungry** (need frequent posting/strategy).

- **Competitive** (standing out requires storytelling).

- **Scalable** (solving once benefits many sub-niches).

Would you like me to **map out a "starter AI Agent workflow"** for these
5 categories---showing how content creation + strategy would look for
each niche in practice?

Development Plan

Development Plan

Phase 1: (3 Days)

→ Frontend UI complete (Akik and Delwer) (2 days) → UI Verification and
Changes

→ Backend Schema, Modules , Backend initiation (Auth, Onboarding)

Phase 2: (7 days)

→ API Development (Clean Code) - Proper Code Structure - Swagger API
Docs

→ UI Finetuning and API Integration

For now lets work on Copy Writing Section

Total Timeline Without Analytics: 10 days

https://idean-ai.vercel.app/
